you know how your father and I have been
getting into lots of arguments lately
right oh yeah we decided it was better
if we divorced
that was the day that everything changed
Brooklyn since then she's never been the
same oh my phone
so what if they get divorce they think
just a new phone like completely change
everything
it's all my fault at this point in life
Brooke was devastated both her and
Savannah have lived in Montana all their
life they met each other at their
all-female private school also known as
Pike Fields today we will be making our
artwork portfolios as long as finishing
up the social studies quiz and if we
have time we'll work on some math fun
facts okay everybody
girls all supplies will be in the back
now
get started on those portfolios hey
Ricky you can share colored pencils
I'll go get them Brooke
are you okay I'm not okay
Savi Brooke just talk to me please
Brooke just use words you can tell me
what happened but it can't be that
terrible did your pet cricket get run
over by a car Savi this is much worse
brookie
don't worry I'm listening okay sorry
girls
um if you need a moment you can go on
the highway to discuss your mom okay
Thank You misty
cookie I'm here now tell me whatever you
want to tell me please
okay so last night my mom came into my
room mm-hmm
then she said that matters were gonna
get worse or something don't look II
can't even understand what you're saying
mom now put this on and tell me what
really happened but so I can understand
you okay
so my mom and dad there they're gonna
get divorced there their work everything
will be okay being the good friend
Savannah is when she heard this news
about Brooke
she took it right to heart some say she
might felt almost exactly in Brookes
place as if with their friendship they
were like one LPs not quite right to
take the pie oven
something out of sweetie
aren't you gonna say good afternoon to
your mother
ah Who am I kidding with the green like
this I know something's gotta be wrong
where's the sunshiny Savannah I always
like to say brash obvious not right here
Savannah if you're not gonna talk to me
about this stop moping around and
watching TV and go do your homework
I made cherry pie but if you aren't done
with your homework by dinner well I
don't know someone starting with s is
going to get it right please yes we mom
there's something I have to tell you
about Brooke oh is Brooklyn not being a
nice friend cuz you know if she is and
you should just play with someone else
at recess or something mom it's not a
bad thing about her you know Brooke
would never ever do anything bad to me
were like BFF Falls Oh Savannah has no
idea mommy just that mr. and mrs. Hayes
are king Devore's
Oh sweetie I bet Brooke feel terrible
about this yeah but I tried to comfort
her at school and she's good
Oh Savannah sweetie this is no reason
for you to cry though come on let's go
to the kitchen I think I might have an
idea that would have Brooklyn cheer up
then I'll sweetie calm down let's get
cookin